baggage: Fix invalid percent-encoded octet sequences (#5528)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix panic in baggage creation when a member contains 0x80 char in key or value. (#5494)
- Correct comments for the priority of the `WithEndpoint` and `WithEndpointURL` options and their coresponding environment variables in  in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc`. (#5508)
- Fix stale timestamps reported by the lastvalue aggregation. (#5517)

> - Baggage propagation - replace invalid percent-encoded octet sequences with replacement char. (#5528)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace invalid percent-encoded octet sequences with replacement char in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/baggage`. (#5528)
```
